Two commits were pushed to origin/main from a local clone. Pull them into this Replit
workspace. The tip is 46f500c, parent ff9dee7, on top of c349eca.

  ff9dee7  Trim every raster upload, and stop gangsheet downloads failing at save time
  46f500c  Point package-lock resolved URLs at the public npm registry

HOW TO PULL

Before pulling, run `git status` and `git log origin/main..HEAD`. If this workspace has
uncommitted edits or commits of its own, STOP and report exactly what they are — do not
stash, reset, checkout -f, or force anything. If it is clean and has no local commits:

  git fetch origin
  git pull --ff-only origin main

Then confirm `git log -1` shows 46f500c and `git status` is clean. One file is DELETED by
this pull (client/src/lib/image-crop-worker.ts) and two are added (client/src/lib/
content-bounds.ts, content-bounds-selftest.ts). Restart the dev server afterwards rather
than relying on HMR, because a worker module was removed and main.tsx changed.

package.json is unchanged, so there are NO new dependencies and npm install is not
required. Do not run it unless something is actually broken.

ABOUT THE LOCKFILE COMMIT

46f500c only rewrites six `resolved` URLs from http://package-firewall.replit.local to
https://registry.npmjs.org, because that host only resolves inside Replit and npm install
failed everywhere else. Every integrity hash is unchanged, so the installed bytes are
identical. If Replit's proxy rewrites those URLs back the next time it installs, that is
expected — commit it or discard it, whichever you prefer, but do not treat it as a
regression and do not revert any application code over it.

WHAT CHANGED, AND WHAT NOT TO "FIX"

These are all deliberate. Please do not undo them:

1. Empty space is now trimmed from ALL raster uploads. Trim used to be refused above
   16 MP or 4096 px on an edge while uploads decoded inline up to 40 MP, so anything in
   that gap (including an ordinary 6600x2400 sheet) imported with all its margins.
   Content bounds are now measured by walking the source in 2048 px tiles, so peak memory
   is one tile and no canvas approaches the iOS Safari limit. Do not reintroduce a
   size-based skip, and do not raise the tile size.
2. Trim is recorded as a RECT (imageInfo.exportCrop) against the customer's original
   bytes (imageInfo.exportBlob), not baked into a bitmap. Nothing is re-encoded. The
   export, cart, and PDF paths already decode through exportCrop.
3. cropImageToContentAsync and client/src/lib/image-crop-worker.ts were deleted as
   unused. Do not recreate them.
4. Uploads are copied into a blob the app owns (ownUploadedBytes). A picked File is only
   a reference to disk, so a moved or re-saved original used to make export fail with
   "the requested file could not be found" long after import.
5. Export and add-to-cart now HARD FAIL with a message naming the design when a print
   source cannot be read, instead of silently substituting the capped preview. This is
   intentional — a soft production file that nobody inspects is worse than an error.
   Designs imported before this deploy still hold the old stale reference, so a customer's
   first export after deploy may surface "re-upload that design". That is expected.
6. Download blob URLs are held for one second per megabyte from a 60-second floor (was a
   flat 5 seconds, which could be revoked while the browser was still writing the file),
   and are revoked on pagehide only when the page is NOT entering the back/forward cache.
7. /api/image-info still accepts PNG only, but now rejects other types silently and
   returns a 400 naming the type, instead of cb(new Error(...)). A throwing multer filter
   aborts the multipart stream and answers with a TCP RST, which poisons iOS Safari's
   connection pool so every later fetch on that connection fails. Do not switch it back,
   and do not widen it to accept JPEG — that would change the resolved DPI of
   metadata-free JPEGs and therefore the size they import at.

VERIFY AFTER PULLING

  - npm run check  → 0 errors
  - npm run build  → clean
  - In the browser console: await __testTrim()  → every case passes. Cases reported
    "skipped" mean the harness could not allocate a source that large on this platform,
    not that measurement failed.
  - Upload a 6600x2400 transparent PNG: the empty space should be gone, and the artwork
    should not look soft or misframed.
  - Download that sheet and confirm the output is full resolution and framed like the
    editor.
  - If a real iPhone is available, upload a >16 MP transparent PNG: no crash, no blank
    canvas, trim applied.

Report the npm run check count, the __testTrim summary, and anything that differs.